Add DigitalOcean workshop for PulumiUP (#1441)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/pulumi-up/_index.md

    description: |
      In this workshop, we’ll examine how Pulumi can rapidly accelerate provisioning of cloud infrastructure. We’ll focus on AWS Lambda and build an example set of microservices utilizing AWS’s newest Lambda features.

>   - title: Getting Started with Infrastructure as Code on Digital Ocean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: Getting Started with Infrastructure as Code on DigitalOcean
```
